Copy the questions below into the firt-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes.


    https://codepen.io/eloy2/pen/wvBKoVp?editors=1100




    1. What is Semantic HTML?
    It is html that has meaning.

    2. What is HTML used for? 
    It is is used to structer the items in a webapge.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
    An attribute is a word that is used in the opening tag of an element to control an element's behaviour. For example,
    <div class = "newDiv"></div> The word "class" is an attribute.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    The h1 tag is the main header in a page. It is used around the most important text in a page.
    It should only be used once.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    The img tag has a required src attribute. The a tag has a required href attribute.

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
    We put a link to our css stylesheet. We put our meta tags. We also put the title tag.

    7. What is an id?
    It is used to identify a specific element in our html so that we can later use it in CSS.
    There can only be one of each. For example, if there is a div that has an id of "div1" then
    there can only be one "div1" id in that whole html document.

    8. What elements can I add an id to?
    all elements.

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
    You can only use it once. 

    10. What is a class?
    A class can be used to identify an element or a group of elements.

    11. What elements can I add a class to?
    all elements.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
    You can name as many tags as you would lioke with the same class name.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    On your anchor tag you would add <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer" href="url">Link</a>. Acording to a stackoverflow answer. 
    "The rel="noopener noreferrer" is not mandatory, but it's a recommended security measure."

    14. What is the alt attribute used for?
    It is used in img tags and acording to W3C "The alt attribute specifies an alternative text to be used, if an image cannot be displayed. 
    The value of the alt attribute can be read by screen readers. This way, someone "listening" to the webpage, e.g. a vision 
    impaired person, can "hear" the element."

    15. How do I reference an id?
    To reference an id in a CSS file you would use the syntax 
    #idname {

    }

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    A section is used for semantics and grouping of content. A div can be used with attributes that can later be referenced in CSS files.

    17. What is CSS used for?
    It is used to style the page and make it look pretty. 

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2 {

    }
    The syntax above would select all h2 elements unless the h2 element has an id or class that is also referenced in the CSS file.

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    An class can be used on multiple elements. So you would use it when you would need multiple elements to have the same style.
    For example, if h1 and p tag would have the same font.
    An id would be used when want only one specific element to have a specific syle.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .className {

    }

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human p{

    }

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
    Im assuming this question is asking about "element1 > element2". This selector selects all element2
    where the parent is a element1 element. For example, div > p selects all <p> elements where the parent is a <div> element.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar a{

    }

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    It is used to change the state of an element after something happens such a the color changing when you hover over something.
    .className:hover{
        Whatever I put in here will change the state of className when I hover over it in the web page.
    }
    
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    To change spacing you would use the line-height property in your CSS file.
    p {
        line-height: 30px;
    }

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    h1 {
        letter-spacing: 3px;
    }
    You would use the letter spacing property.

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    p {
        text-transform: uppercase; or text-transform: lowercase; or text-transform: capitalize;
    }
    You would use the text-transform property.

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div {
        border-style: dotted;
        border-color: black;
    }

    29. How do I select everything on the page?
    * {

    }

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /*This is a comment */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
    pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm file.txt 
    You need to be careful with this command because it will permanently delete your file. It won't go into trash bin.
    You won't be able to retrive it after hit enter and execute the command.

    34. Why should I use version control?
    It is used in the real world. If you are working with a team of devs and your team releases a new version of an app
    and this new verison is bad or faulty then using version control you can go back to the previous version of the app. 

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    I would assume it is when you finish a new feature that you are working on and you want that feature to be commited to master.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push origin branchname

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
    1. fork
    2. add TL as collaborator
    3. clone the repo
    4. make branch 'firstName-lastName'
    5. push your branch to git
    6. Submit pull request
    7. Add TL as collaborator 


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 